specifics about this infrastructure:
Server: A server" is a physical or virtual machine that stores, processes, and serves data and resources to other computers over a network, such as the internet. In our case, we have a single server that hosts the entire web infrastructure.

What is the role of the domain name
The domain name provides a human readable adress through which users can acess the website.

What type of DNS record www is in www.foobar.com
The www is a CNAME DNS record pointing to the main domain's IPV4 adress 8.8.8.8 which is an A record type
 
What is the role of the web server
The web server's role is to handle incoming HTTP requests from users' browsers and retrieves static code base fileslike HTML, CSS etc

What is the role of the application server
The application server stores the application's code base and processes dynamic requests generated by the user's interaction with the website. It generate dynamic content.

What is the role of the database
To maintain a collection of organized information that can easily be accessed, updated and managed.

What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website
Communication between the user and the server occurs over the internet network through the Transmission Control Protocol(TCP)/IP protocol suite.



You must be able to explain what the issues are with this infrastructure:
SPOF- Single Point of failure. For this web infrastructure system,all components are hosted on a single server, any failure in the  server would lead to the entire website being unavailable.

Downtime when maintenance needed (like deploying new code web server needs to be restarted)- During maintenance, restarting the web server to  deploy new code can lead to website downtime and inconvenience for users.

Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic-A single server can struggle with sudden traffic surges, causing slower responses or crashes as demand increases.
